[THREESCALE-10156] Configure ssl_verify_client per product (#1491)
3scale/APIcast: gateway/src/apicast/policy/tls_validation/README.md

Whitelist expects PEM formatted CA or Client certificates.
It is not necessary to have the full certificate chain, just partial matches are allowed.
For example you can add to the whitelist just leaf client certificates without the whole bundle with a CA certificate.

## Configuration

For this policy to work, APIcast need to be setup to listen for TLS connection.

> By default, client certificates are requested during the TLS handshake, however, APIcast will not verify the certificate or terminate the request unless a TLS Validation Policy is in the chain. In most cases, the client not presenting a client certificate will not affect a service that does not have TLS Validation policy configured. The only exception is when the service is used by a browser or front-end application, which will cause the browser to always prompt the end user to select a client certificate to send if they have ANY client certificates configured when browsing the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, during the TLS handshake, APIcast requests client certificates, but will not verify the certificate or terminate the request unless a TLS Validation Policy is in the chain. In most cases, the client not presenting a client certificate will not affect a service that does not have TLS Validation policy configured. The only exception is when a browser or front-end application uses the service. In this case, the browser will always prompt the user to choose a client certificate to send if they have any client certificates set up while accessing the service.
```

Author: Fixed.

> To work around this, the environment variable `APICAST_HTTPS_VERIFY_CLIENT` can be set to `off` to instruct APIcast to request a client certificate ONLY when the policy is in the chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work around this, set the environment variable `APICAST_HTTPS_VERIFY_CLIENT` to `off`. This instructs APIcast to request a client certificate only when the policy is in the chain.
```

Author: Fixed.
